docs(contributing): Updates to contribution guide (#3725)
zitadel/zitadel: CONTRIBUTING.md

We strongly recommend to [talk to us](https://zitadel.com/contact) before you start contributing to streamline our and your work.

We accept contributions through pull requests. You need a github account for that. If you are unfamiliar with git have a look at Github's documentation on [creating forks](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo) and [creating pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork). Please draft the pull request as soon as possible. Go through the following checklist before you submit the final pull request:

### Submit a Pull Request (PR)

> :warning: Currently main development is done on branch `v2-alpha`. Make sure you're merging into the correct branch.

1. [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) the zitadel/zitadel repository on Github
2. On your fork, commit your changes to a new branch

`git checkout -b my-fix-branch main`

3. Make your changes following the [guidelines](#contribute) in this guide. Make sure that all tests pass.

4. Commit the changes on the new branch

`git commit --all`

> 5. [Merge](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging) the latest commit of the `main`-branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Merge](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging) the latest commit of the `v2-alpha`-branch
```

Author: I've added the warning on top. Do you think that's not enough?

Reviewer: I am torn with this one, because most of the times user simply copie stuff 😁 

But its not a deal breaker to merge this

6. Push the changes to your branch on Github

`git push origin my-fix-branch`

7. Use [Semantic Release commit messages](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md#type) to simplify creation of release notes. In the title of the pull request [correct tagging](#commit-messages) is required and will be requested by the reviewers.

> 8.  On Github, [send a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/requesting-a-pull-request-review) to `zitadel:main`. Request review from one of the maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8.  On Github, [send a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/requesting-a-pull-request-review) to `zitadel:v2-alpha`. Request review from one of the maintainers.
```
